What was the workshop about and what was the main topic discussed? 

The main topic discussed is what it takes and to become a Software engineer and how to be a good Software engineer and what it takes to be successful in the Sofware industry  and what little thing that you can do personally to make you more applying to employer  

 

What did you find interesting or not interesting about the workshop? 

I found interesting the amount we use Software and different computer in our day to day life without even knowing . Also that the freedom in Software and its ties with multiply company's and across different work areas . When writing code that making good code is the best way to work and make the job a lot  quicker . And That the blog will be a very good thing to get hired and that it is very common in the Sofware industry  another thing i found interesting is that the best way to get early experience is to make your own company and make something like an app or small indie game  

 

How can you apply what you have learnt from this workshop to your course? 

That i should learn a specific languages and lean it well and then see if i can bring my learning across different languages  and a good tip was first solve the problem then write the code and that you won't build everything from scratch and its okay to use 3rd party code and different library's . I learnt the importance of commination because when working in a work space you will usually be in groups so good communication is very important because there will be very different people working for example people in design how might of never used code  might have to work on a project with you . A usefully thing I can use in my projects is to set a weekly goal in my projects just to make sure I have a target to hit and work hard . And a very useful bit of Software to use during my time in the course will be git hub because it will be usefully all the time throw out the years  

 

If there was one thing you could take away from the talk, what would this be? 

A tip that i would like to take away is that i need to treat my career as a business  and don't try settle in any work environment and always try and stride for better , and that the best way to be found for a business is that put your name out there by writing a blog or making your LinkedIn very good and constantly update it and make the blog and LinkedIn very unique another good tip is that motivated  is a biproduct of action so a good tip would be start something and get off ground zero  and start something because it is always daunting to start from scratch  